doc: Documentation for changes to support OIDC Workload & Workforce in `mongodbatlas_federated_settings_identity_provider` (#2330)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/federated_settings_identity_providers.html.markdown

* `federation_settings_id` - (Required) Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the federated authentication configuration.
* `page_num` - (Optional) The page to return. Defaults to `1`. **Note**: This attribute is deprecated and not being used.
* `items_per_page` - (Optional) Number of items to return per page, up to a maximum of 500. Defaults to `100`. **Note**: This attribute is deprecated and not being used. The implementation is currently limited to returning a maximum of 100 results.

> * `protocols` - (Optional) The protocols of the target identity providers. Valid values are `SAML` and `OIDC`
> * `idp_types` - (Optional) The types of the target identity providers. Valid values are `WORKFORCE` and `WORKLOAD`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `protocols` - (Optional) The protocols of the target identity providers. Valid values are `SAML` and `OIDC`.
* `idp_types` - (Optional) The types of the target identity providers. Valid values are `WORKFORCE` and `WORKLOAD`.
```

> ### FederatedSettingsIdentityProvider

Reviewer 2: for the plural data source I believe we are missing documentation for the new attributes `idp_types` and `protocols`

Author: Great catch! I have added the missing attributes in both the singular and plural data source

### FederatedSettingsIdentityProvider

* `identity_provider_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the federated authentication configuration.
* `description` - The description of the identity provider.

> * `authorization_type` - Indicates whether authorization is granted based on group membership or user ID. Either `GROUP` or `USER`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `authorization_type` - Indicates whether authorization is granted based on group membership or user ID. Valid values are `GROUP` or `USER`.
```

* `post_auth_role_grants` - List that contains the default roles granted to users who authenticate through the IdP in a connected organization. If you provide a postAuthRoleGrants field in the request, the array that you provide replaces the current postAuthRoleGrants.
* `protocol` - The protocol of the identity provider
* `idp_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the IdP
* `audience` - Identifier of the intended recipient of the token.
* `client_id` - Client identifier that is assigned to an application by the Identity Provider.
* `groups_claim` - Identifier of the claim which contains IdP Group IDs in the token.
* `requested_scopes` - Scopes that MongoDB applications will request from the authorization endpoint.
* `user_claim` - Identifier of the claim which contains the user ID in the token.

> * `idp_type` - Type of the identity provider. Either `WORKFORCE` or `WORKLOAD`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `idp_type` - Type of the identity provider. Valid values are `WORKFORCE` or `WORKLOAD`.
```
